bpo-38811: Check for presence of os.link method in pathlib (#17170)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2019-11-15-18-06-04.bpo-38811.AmdQ6M.rst

> Fix crash in pathlib when 'os' module is missing a 'link' method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix an unhandled exception in :mod:`pathlib` when :meth:`os.link` is missing.
```

> Fix an unhandled exception in :mod:`pathlib` when :meth:`os.link` is missing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fix an unhandled exception in :mod:`pathlib` when :meth:`os.link` is missing. Patch by Toke Høiland-Jørgensen.
```

Author: Fine with me, obviously :)
